He is not only Yan Ting's assistant now
Jianting also let him participate in the project of Yujingwan
What? Why didn't you tell me?
This bitch is really haunted
Brother Jiu is still playing with Yan Ting's idea
I won't let him go
This is my resignation report
I don't agree with you resigning
If you don't agree, I won't come to work.
I won't stop you.
You left without saying hello yesterday
Offended Mr. Li
Let the company lose an important customer
How do you compensate for this loss?
Obviously you forced me to pull
Why should I bear the loss?
What do you have to prove that I took you away?
Not much compensation
Just one billion.
If you can take it out
I can let you go.
Since he can't stand it
You can pack up and leave
Dear son, I haven't seen you for a few months, why are you suffering?
I'm sorry I can see one last time
Don't let me see you
Otherwise I won't let you go easily
You are back.
Why is Jianting so close to Xiuyuan's mother?
Is he